Task 1 Activity A(ii): The proposal
To start, go into the different KPIs(Key Performance Indicators) that must be met with the product and to ensure that the product is successful with the audience

After your KPIs, speak of the functional and non functional requirements giving a priority rating and a justification of why it is a requirement.

speak about guidelines and legal requirements that you must look into as to not break the law with your product. This is things such as The data protection act and how your program is going to meet the requiremnts for it it to work.

Task 1 Activity B: The Design

show your designs for your program you have made such as the login menu, main page etc. Then go into detail for each page of what it will do and why it is being implemented into the project. After your designs, show a diagram that gives a simple description of how the program will all connect and how it will work.

Task 1 Activity B: Algorithm Design

Show a section of pseudocode that shows your understanding of the program and 

max was here

Task 1 Activity B: The design - The Data Requirements

Talk about the different variables in your program stating their function in the program, its data type and the reasoning behind this variable.

Task 1 Activity B: The Design - The Test Strategy

State your test strategy and the reasoning behind the tests you're using. Then within a Table, you must state the purpose of the test strategy and what it will do with the titles of: purpose, who performs the test, Test data set, Test criteria, When to test, Estimated time required, Test outcome. 

Task 2: Develop your solution

You must then use the proposal you have made to then develop the prototype for the solution. Once the program has been developed, provide documentation of specific parts within your program.

Task 3 Part A: Gathering Feedback to inform future development

make your form that will help you gather feedback in an easy fashion including both qualitative and quantitive questions that will give the most helpful information for you.

Task 3 Part B:

Using the feedback given, create an evaluation of what you could do better with your program with the feedback given.


